Foreman 3.5.3 update (#2152)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/doc-Release_Notes/topics/foreman-3.5.3.adoc

= Foreman 3.5.3

A full list of changes is available on https://projects.theforeman.org/issues?set_filter=1&sort=id%3Adesc&status_id=closed&f%5B%5D=cf_12&op%5Bcf_12%5D=%3D&v%5Bcf_12%5D%5B%5D=1696[Redmine]

== Foreman

=== Unattended Installations

* preseed_netplan_generic_interface with DHCP interface - https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/35578[#35578]

=== API

> * Parameter \'search\' on fact_value API endpoint results in internal server error - https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/35990[#35990]

Reviewer: The script does something wrong with quotes, because I never found out how you properly escape `'` in asciidoc. Sometimes you need to escape it, sometimes you don't.

```suggestion
* Parameter 'search' on fact_value API endpoint results in internal server error - https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/35990[#35990]
```
